thanks to--fl studio
Thanks ninja muffin--for making fnf
thanks moldy to--making dave bambi
thanks: John pork for--being John pork.. he a homie fr.
Thanks: bill gate for--windows.
Thanks: discord for--making the server!
Thanks: 2023 for--the year that this mod is being worked in!
Special thanks to:--Dr suess for: books!
Special thanks:--knife! For hqc!
Special thanks:--sharkdog for being alive idkk
Special thanks to:--human evolution for fnf!
Special thanks:--Albert Einstein for words!
Special thanks:--chester! For Cheetos!
Special thanks to--God! Perk swore at him
Special thanks to--mr beast! he gave out money.
Special thanks:--John pork: for: being a good guy!
Special thanks:--perk! For the mod!
Special thanks:--John doe: simple name!special thanks to: discord  for invtenting vcs!
Special thanks to--sky! for creating ferocious!
special thanks:--jumpan 27 for: creator of the game
Special thanks to--longestsoloever! For giving tips!
special thanks to--youtube! for exist
special thanks to--world
special thanks to--internet
special thanks to--gold
special thanks to--the era word
special thanks to--the 2010 year
special thanks--everything
special thanks to apple:--apple phone.
special thanks to timhd!--for creating bambino!! (takemetothetoptop)
speical thank to hqc--for make ing take me bambino to the top song
special thanks to--ketak for abandoning that mod as well
Special thank to--TimHD for creating bambino!
special thanks to--delta_rxt! for creating lusarave!
special thanks to--Mystman for creating Baldi's Basics!
special thanks to--MoldyGH for creating Dave's Fun Algebra Class!
special thanks to--MoldyGH for creating VS. Dave!
special thanks to--Sky! for creating Golden Apple!
Special thank to--matpat for being a game theories channel owner!
special thanks to--Perk for creating Internet's Golden Era!speical  thank to  keyboard for type
special thank  to--this mod for exist 
special thank  for--discord: edit text
Special thanks to--players
special thanks to--baldi basic
special thanks to--moldy hfjone
special thanks to--badcorn 9
special thanks to--mmailbamb
special thanks to--peppino spaghetti
Special thanks to--lungs!
special thanks to--bfdi! for free dream island!
special thank for--Lazy for the mod